Even if I chase after the footprints
Of your disappearing shadow, I won’t find you.
Though my feelings run off ahead
To the clicking sounds of your sandals, I can’t catch you.
There’s a spring drizzle again today
And you must be soaked..
I can’t protect you, and my impatience builds.
Even if what connection ties us together
Is some fleeting coincidence,
I just want to be beside you and stare silently at you,
With our fingertips intertwined, indefinitely…
Now I’ll walk down a fork-less road
Lit by the full moon in the night sky.
I’ll walk down it in full smiles,
If the person I’m waiting for doesn’t come, then until that day…
Today again I could not see you,
Amidst an overflowing autumn rain..
The seasons pass by again and again.
Even if what connection ties us together
Is that well heard of inevitable fate,
I just want to be beside you and stare silently at you,
With our fingertips intertwined, tightly…
Where are you headed now?
Even if what connection ties us together
Is some fleeting coincidence,
I just want to be beside you and stare silently at you,
With our fingertips intertwined, indefinitely…